# Introduction-
As a recent Master's graduate in Statistics from Modern college of Pune, I have developed a strong foundation in statistical modeling and machine learning. My skills include proficiency in Python, Power BI, SQL, and DBMS. I am a certified full stack data scientist from iNeuron and a certified Python programmer from Udemy.
I possess an in-depth understanding of linear and logistic regression, KNN, K-means, random forest, and decision tree. I have extensively used Python libraries such as Pandas, NumPy, Sklearn, Stats Model API, Seaborn, and Matplotlib for exploratory data analysis, model building, testing, and visualization.

I have worked on various projects that showcase my technical skills and problem-solving abilities. For instance, I developed a Flask-based HTML interface for a medical premium prediction model using classical machine learning techniques. I optimized the model's performance using Random Forest Regressor with Randomized Search CV parameter tuning. The successful implementation of the project demonstrates my strong problem-solving skills and thorough understanding of statistical methods and machine learning algorithms.

Another project that I worked on is the analysis of NFHS (National Family Health Survey) data to identify factors contributing to child stunting and explore the relationship between contraception awareness and maternal health outcomes. I utilized statistical tools including clustering, association rule mining, and regression analysis to gain insights and make data-driven recommendations for policies and interventions to improve child health outcomes and contraception awareness in women.

I have also developed an HR Power BI dashboard to track and analyze candidate details, showcasing key metrics such as application status, experience, and qualifications for effective recruitment and hiring processes. I successfully created interactive data visualizations and detailed reports for vendor analysis, providing valuable insights into vendor performance, cost-saving opportunities, and enhancing decision-making using Power BI data modeling and visualization skills.

I am very passionate about learning and constantly update myself in the ever changing field of Data Science. I enjoy performing Yoga (Passionately) and keeping fit as well.
